---
layout: post
title: "Scribd is presenting at Data and AI Summit 2022"
team: Core Platform
author: rtyler
tags:
- databricks
- kafka
- deltalake
- featured
---

We are very excited to be presenting and attending this year's [Data and AI
Summit](https://databricks.com/dataaisummit/north-america-2022) which will be
hosted virtually and physically in San Francisco from June 27th-30th.
Throughout the course of 2021 we completed a number of really interesting
projects built around [delta-rs](https://github.com/delta-io/delta-rs) and the
Databricks platform which we are thrilled to share with a broader audience.
In addition to the presentations listed below, a number of Scribd engineers who
are responsible for data and ML platform, machine learning systems, and more,
will be in attendance if you want to meet up and learn more about how Scribd
uses data and ML to change the way the world reads!


* [Christian Williams](https://github.com/xianwill) will be sharing some of the
work he has done developing
[kafka-delta-ingest](https://github.com/scribd/kafka-delta-ingest) in his talk:
**[Streaming Data into Delta Lake with Rust and
Kafka](https://databricks.com/dataaisummit/north-america-2022/agenda/?sessionid=1834)**
* [QP Hou](https://github.com/houqp), Scribd Emeritus, will be presenting on
his foundational work to ensure correctness within delta-rs during his session:
**[Ensuring Correct Distributed Writes to Delta Lake in Rust with Formal
Verification](https://databricks.com/dataaisummit/north-america-2022/agenda/?sessionid=1623)**
* [R Tyler Croy](https://github.com/rtyler) will be co-presenting with Gavin
Edgley from Databricks on the cost analysis work Scribd has done to efficiently
grow our data platform with **[Doubling the size of the data lake without doubling the
cost](https://databricks.com/dataaisummit/north-america-2022/agenda/?sessionid=2366)**


There are so many great sessions to watch in person or online during the event,
particularly around [Delta Lake](https://delta.io), which is one of our
favorite technologies and powers our entire data platform. We are also
expecting some great ML related talks as data and ML begin to overlap more and
more. We hope to see you there!

